Yeah,  yeah,  yeah,  yeah,  yeah,  yeah.
It's time for cave-party time,  baby!
Aw yeah!  Let's get
this camp fire going!
Dude,  it's gonna burn.
Dude seriously,  it's gonna burn.
You're gonna burn it.
STOP IT!
You're burning it right now here.
Aw man!
Dude,  I told you.
Dude,  where do you see
yourself in 10 years?
Easy,  I'm gonna be a stuntman.
Dude,  that's so lame.
You're probably still
be working at the park.
STOP TALKING!
Hey,  Mordecai,  have we ever think
we should bring another friend?
You mean,  like a third person?
I guess we keep our
inner circle pretty small.
But it's not like we're ever gonna
find anybody cool enough
for the park,  so...
Yeah.
Good cave party dude.
Rigby... wake up Rigby
Rigby Rigby wake up!
Dude just keep quiet!
STAY BACK!
Whoa dancing caveman!
This guy is awesome!
Dude you are awesome!
Looks it time to go
from Mordecai and Rigby
to Mordecai,  Rigby and Dancing Caveman.
Third friend!
Shot! Shot! Shot! Shot!
Anybody who can shot that
much cheese is cool in my book.
Who is that?
He's a new friend.
Dancing Caveman.
Caveman?
No, no, no way.
I'm not having a caveman at the park.
We are  insured for it.
What?! That's not fair.
Yeah! We can't just get rid of him.
A caveman can not fit into
this modern world.
See?
But it was one of us now.
Really?What's his name?
Get rid of him!
But he will die out there alone.
Come on! Benson!
Please!
Fine.You have a week
to get him civilized.
Nice!
Thanks, Benson.
But if he is not up to
park's standards in a week.
I'm calling a pound!
We are gonna need some help.
That is the most civilized caveman
I have ever seen
Please call me Greg
Good luck with the
benson test! My good man!
Dude that is perfect
Benson will totally let you stay
Yeah! And probably offer you a job
Alright! let's go!
Wait
Me know you worked hard to help
But me not civilized
Ha?
You forgot something
Love?
Me's a meat
that i can't be truly civilized
into me find other half
I don't know
Is there anytime to find
before meeting with Benson?
Certainly
Her name Dian
She frozen with my people
How many were you there?
We were many
Wow!
How'd we find her?
It will be easy
She only cavewoman here
Her beauty shine like star
There she is
My Dian
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Her forehead looks pretty big.
Dian! How i have missed you!
Eh?
My love thousands of years
and today begins a new
Mordecai and Rigby give
us an hour to catch up
What do you want to do?
Oh! We can't do that!
It's more civilized times now
Well me may look strange now
but it's a way of time
We have to change.
You will have to change too
It not so bad
look at this pants
Pretty weird ha?
And that's television
oh my...
Here have some tea, calm you down.
What you mean you don't know me anymore
Dian?
What am i?
Greg where's Dian?
We we going through some stuff now
Benson's waiting
Me not ready
But you’ll go to the pond if you don't
There only two things that happen there
And you don't want them
you will do fine
Okay
Dian! Call them off!
What do you mean?
Tell me why you do this?
We going through some stuff right now
I need a new job
Caveman too strong and too many.
You lose your jobs.
Park destroyed.
All my fault!
Come on! Greg! We can do this.
We just need use out brains.
to think up something.
Wait! In my time.
My people value meat above all.
You have meat.
It's working!
Dian.
Greg! Come on! let's go! Come on!
Come on! What are you doing?
Me sorry.
Dian.
What must be done.
I'm sorry.Dian
You alomst did
But you were right
It's wrong to give up self.
Greg!
Dude! Unlock the door!
Get out of there!
Thanks for helping me
But me not belong in modern world
You could be happy here
No no need TV
No need pants
Need Dian
No
Greg thanks for being our friend
Benson? !
I saw everything
I had Greg all wrong
He gave up all for true love
In a way he was more
civilized than all of us
Mordecai Rigby
Clean up this mess
Do it do it or you'll fired.
Greg was pretty cool
Do you think we should
find another new friend?
Two is good enough.